+++
title = "An evening on moving to the cloud"
date = "2020-07-14T17:30:00+02:00"
tags = ["Infrastructure", "Migration", "Networking"]
categories = ["Azure", "Azure DevOps", "In-Person"]
banner = "img/events/default.png"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
+++

To establish a rhythm of one meetup every two months, we will have one final MeetUp before the summer holidays. This time we will hear about the eight year long go-to-cloud strategy of SnelStart and about creating reliable, geo-distributed networks in Azure.

This MeetUp will be held online using Microsoft Teams and the link to join will be posted here roughly 30 minutes before we start.

The program:

**19:30-19:35**: Welcome and sorting out connectivity issues

**19:35-20:20**: Daan de Schepper - Looking back on the SnelStart go-to-cloud strategy

**20:20-20:30**: Bio-and-drinks break

**20:30-21:45**: Arjen Gerritsen - Building a Geo-Redundant network using VPN connections


In the first session of this evening, Daan de Schepper will tell us how SnelStart took their legacy on-premises application and started a long, strategic move to the cloud. He will share with us how they are taking all their existing customers along with them on that journey by supporting a fully hybrid on-premises/cloud usage of their products. Looking back on this almost eight year journey, he will not only share tasty stories but also lessons learned on making such a move while taking all existing customers and features along.

In the second session, Arjen Gerritsen, will talk us through creating a geo-redundant network within Azure. He will show us how to create three virtual networks. The first one simulates the on-premises customer location and the other two are located in West and North Europe. You will see how three virtual machines can all ping each other and how routes from each machine to the next can be traced. Next up you will see how all machine-to-machine connections stay available even if one of the network connections fails.

To top this of, he will show how us how to monitor such a network using the Azure Network Watcher and Azure Monitor.