+++
title = "An evening on DevOps Culture"
date = "2021-05-11T19:00:00+02:00"
tags = ["DevOps", "Azure", "Azure DevOps", "Culture"]
categories = ["DevOps", "In-Person"]
banner = "img/events/default.png"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
+++

This evening we have our fifth event of the season. While we were hoping that this event would be a hybrid or in-person event, circumstances are still forcing us to hold this event online.

The program for this evening:

**19:30-19:35:** Welcome and sorting out connectivity issues

**19:35-20:20:** First speaker: Nawid Sahebzadeh - The pitfalls to avoid with Microservices

**20:30-21:45:** Second speaker: Stacy Cashmore - Embrace the pitfalls


**The pitfalls to avoid with Microservices**

In this talk we’re going to explore what microservices are, how they differ from other architectures. What are the benefits of microservices and what are the most common pitfalls that we need to watch out for.

We will cover topics such as:

- Architecture
- Resource Ownership
- Programming languages
- Event sourcing
- Microservices Front-End

With over 14 years experience working in IT, Nawid has worked in a variety of companies and markets in roles ranging from Developer, Analyst, R&D engineer, QA manager to Consulting multinationals on their transformation towards DevOps and Continuous delivery.

He has been involved in technical as well as organizational improvement processes and is specialized in creating Highly Available and Ultra Scalable cloud platforms and creating High Performing Teams and Organizations.

Currently Nawid is leading the DevOps program at an international engineering and consultancy company.

**Embrace the pitfalls**

As developers, we want to work in a modern way, to get fast feedback on what we are building to make sure that we are building the right things in the right way.

However, many companies are still at the start of their journey. Things take longer than we would like to get moving, sometimes change can seem to happen at a glacial pace and whilst you are ready to try and run, others are finding their feet - or even digging in their heels!

In this talk, Stacy will go over some of the pitfalls that have happened to her, and the lessons that she has learned from them. Unfortunately, there are no magic solutions to make the problems go away, but hopefully, you can look at the mistakes she has made and go away to make your own new ones to learn from!

Stacy is Tech Explorer DevOps at Omniplan, and Microsoft MVP in Developer Technologies.

She’s been developing software since the mid-1990s and has been speaking about improving the way we develop software at conferences and meetups since 2018.

As well as sparing with the software architect about technical issues, she spends her time helping the development team, and the wider company, with continuous improvement in terms of technical work, process and, of course, working together as a team.

Outside of work she enjoys spending time with her classic car, cooking, playing the piano badly and spending time with her family, doing amongst other things, building a Lego modular building city in their house.