+++
title = "An evening on Serverless and Bicep"
date = "2021-09-21T19:00:00+02:00"
tags = ["Bicep", "Azure", ".Net"]
categories = ["Azure", "In-Person"]
banner = "img/events/default.png"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
+++

First sessions of the season will take place on the 21th of September and will be an in-person event.

**18:00 - 18:45:** Dinner + Welcome

**18:45 - 18:50:** Welcome

**18:50 - 19:35:** 1st Session - Oscar van Tol


**Azure Functions in .NET 5 and beyond**

In November of 2020 .NET 5 got released, the promise of "one-dotnet". The 'core' addition has been dropped and Full Framework evolution has stopped at the 4.8 version. Right from the release of .NET 5 we could start using it in for example Azure App Service but for Azure Functions this was not the case. At this moment there are two different models to run AF with .NET, the "class library model" we know and the new "isolated process model". This session will help you understand the new model and prepare for the future of Azure Function in .NET!

**19:45 - 20:30:** 2nd Session - Henry Been

**Bicep: Infrastructure as Code for Azure Reinvented**

In a fast-moving software project, the demands that your application poses on its infrastructure might change often and drastically. Are you also fed up with having to apply infrastructure changes by hand? Not to worry! In Azure, there is the Azure Resource Manager, a unified API for managing all your Azure services in a declarative style, and a new more powerful templating language: Bicep!

In this session, Henry Been will give you a full tour of Bicep templates. Starting from scratch, we will explore how you can set up an architecture that is ready for deployment of your application code. We will touch upon syntax, manual deployment, and more advanced features as nesting templates, authorizations, and policies.