+++
title = "An evening on AI"
date = "2021-01-12T19:00:00+02:00"
tags = ["AI", ".NET", "Cognitive Services"]
categories = ["Azure", "In-Person"]
banner = "img/events/default.png"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
+++

This evening we have our third event of the season. This evening we will focus on artificial intelligence.

The program for this evening:

**19:30-19:35**: Welcome and sorting out connectivity issues

**19:35-20:20**: First speaker: Rick van den Bosch (MVP) - Getting started with Azure Cognitive Services

**20:30-21:45**: Second speaker: Stefan Hogendoorn - What is AI if we make it Programmable


Getting started with Azure Cognitive Services
Wouldn’t it be great if we could have our applications see, hear, speak, understand and interpret the needs of our users? We’ll do just that in this session “Getting started with Azure Cognitive Services”.

Azure Cognitive Services are APIs, SDKs, and services available to help us build intelligent applications with little to no AI or data science knowledge. They enable adding cognitive features into our applications. The goal of this session is to help you create applications that can see, hear, speak, understand, and even begin to reason. We’ll take a look at the five main pillars: Vision, Speech, Language, Web Search and Decision.

Next to the awesome things we can do with Cognitive Services, security of course is also very important to take into account. So for those of you concerned about confidential data going into those services there’s going to be an extra special example at the end of the session…

About Rick van den Bosch:

I’m an Azure MVP who has been working with Microsoft Azure since its very first introduction. I have performed numerous Azure projects and have drafted cloud migration advises and migration strategies for customers. Some of the things I do: designing system architectures, coaching developers and optimizing the software development process to realize important and complex systems together with customers. I’m a regular speaker at different types of events.

What is AI if we make it Programmable
Over the past few years AI has been trending in every report, the talk in every boardroom and the topic of so many tech sessions! By now we all know that AI is like bacon or lasers: Everything is better with AI! The buzz is about building the next great model. Engineers that can do AI are worth their weight in gold! Everybody should become an AI engineer! And AI will change all our business processes!
Reality is that most organizations are not ready for AI. They lack the data, they lack the budget, they lack the skill. On the other hand, more and more AI models are becoming available as easy to integrate pieces of code that can help a process complete quicker or better. This talk is about getting the 'P' into AI and make it an API we can all use and apply. The talk will cover some of the efforts put forth by vendors such as Google and Microsoft to make AI more accessible to developers and solutions and how you can integrate this into your own projects.

About Stefan Hogendoorn:

Google Developer Expert (GDE) for Firebase and Google Cloud