+++
title = "Level up your Azure DevOps pipelines!"
date = "2022-09-07T12:00:00+02:00"
tags = ["SQL", "Managed Instance", "Bastion"]
categories = ["Azure", "Online"]
banner = "img/events/20220907.jpg"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
img = "img/events/20220907.jpg"
youtube = "-QMMl8fArY8"
+++

The Dutch Cloud Meetup is organizing sessions for Cloud Takeaways. Cloud Takeaways is an event that is organized multiple times a year with great content on the Microsoft Cloud.
Each event will be one session by acknowledged speakers within the Microsoft community. For September we have one session:

---

**Leo Visser**

**Cloud Consultant**

Currently he works as a Cloud Consultant for “OGD ict-diensten” (Netherlands) where he consults different companies about making better use of cloud techniques and transforming their application to the cloud. Before that he worked as a (lead) SysOps engineer for a couple of years. During this time he focussed a lot on automating work to free up resources and optimize the work to make sure the customers could be served with a small team of dedicated people. He also writes on his own blog https://www.autosysops.com where he shares insights gathered during my IT career.

---

**Session:**

Pipelines are awesome for automating everything, it doesn’t matter if you are deploying something or just want some recurring tasks to be performed. But did you know that your pipelines could be a lot better? In this talk we’ll look at Azure DevOps YAML pipelines and all the wonderful features available to us. I'll share my tips and tricks for working with these amazing pipelines. We'll start by looking at implementing rollback scenario’s and how to make parts of your pipeline reusable in other pipelines. We will also look at speeding up the pipeline by running parts in parallel. There will definitely be something new to help you improve your pipelines. So, join me and level up your pipelines too!