+++
title = "An evening on Messaging"
date = "2022-06-28T19:00:00+02:00"
tags = ["SQL", "Managed Instance", "Bastion"]
categories = ["Azure", "In-Person"]
banner = "img/events/20220628.jpeg"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
img = "img/events/20220628.jpeg"
+++

This evening, we will be back for another Dutch Cloud MeetUp of this season! The theme for this evening will be messaging. We start with an introduction into messaging, followed by an in-depth session about eventual consistency. In other words: there will be a ton to learn this evening! And, as this is in person, there will be a welcome with food and drinks, provided by our sponsor BRINK Software.

---

**18:00 - 18:45 :** Dinner + Welcome

**18:45 - 18:50 :** Welcome

**18:50 - 19:35 :** 1st Session - Annejan Barelds: Introduction into Azure Messaging

**19:45 - 20:30 :** 2nd Session - Eduard Keilholz: Forget SignalR! Start working real-time with Azure Web PubSub

---

**1st Session - Introduction into Azure Messaging**

Have you ever had trouble picking a messaging service in Azure? You are not alone. With Storage Queues, Service Bus, Event Grid and Event Hub, there are several options to choose from. And as always: selecting the optimal service depends on the specifics of your use case. So in this talk, we'll explore the different kind of 'things' that all tend to fall under the category of messaging. Based on these insights, we'll explore the different messaging options in Azure - especially Service Bus and Event Grid - and discuss how each of them is optimized for different use cases. So after tonight, choosing the right messaging solution shouldn't be quite that hard anymore.

---

**2nd session - Forget SignalR! Start working real-time with Azure Web PubSub**

Getting real-time information on processes and operations is essential when creating convenient, user-friendly web systems. With Web PubSub, Microsoft took the next step by enabling your to leverage real-time communication right from your browser. In this session, I will show you how to use Web PubSub and discover some advanced scenarios using alternative protocols, that enable real-time communication between servers and clients.