+++
title = "Azure Bastion: One does not simply walk into my VNet!"
date = "2022-05-10T12:00:00+02:00"
tags = ["Infrastructure", "Azure", "Bastion"]
categories = ["Azure", "Online"]
banner = "img/events/20220510.jpeg"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
img = "img/events/20220510.jpeg"
youtube = "xt5AWBio7hI"
+++

The Dutch Cloud Meetup is organizing sessions for Cloud Takeaways. Cloud Takeaways is an event that is organized multiple times a year with great content on the Microsoft Cloud.
Each event will be one session by acknowledged speakers within the Microsoft community. For May we have one session by two speakers:

**Wim Matthyssen**

Wim is an Azure Technical Advisor, who has more than fifteen years of experience with Microsoft Technologies. As a Microsoft Certified Trainer (MCT), his strength is to assist companies in the transformation of their business to the Cloud by implementing the latest features, services and solutions. Currently, his main focus is on the Microsoft Hybrid Cloud Platform and especially on Microsoft Azure and the Azure hybrid services.

Wim is also a Microsoft MVP in the Azure category and a founding board member of the MC2MC user group.

As a passionate community member he regularly writes blogs and speaks about his daily experiences with Azure and other Microsoft technologies.

**Micha Wets**

As a Microsoft MVP, Micha enjoys talking about all Azure & Powershell topics and has already spoken at Microsoft conferences, International User Group events, Microsoft hosted webinars & Workshops and more.

He has over 15 years of experience as a DevOps engineer and has in depth knowledge of private, hybrid and public clouds.
Today Micha mainly focuses on Powershell, Azure, Azure DevOps, RDS (Remote Desktop Services) & AVD (Azure Virtual Desktop) environments and is particularly knowledgeable about migrating those environments to Azure.

Micha is freelance Azure Solutions Ambassador & Architect @ ConXioN and works with Microsoft on Azure, RDS & AVD.

---

**Session: Azure Bastion: One does not simply walk into my VNet!**

Security is one of the most important things that a Cloud admin (IT Administrator) should always keep in mind, especially when managing business critical workloads in Azure. With Azure Bastion you remain able to connect to your IaaS VMs in a secure an easy way. In this session you will not only discover how Bastion natively integrates with the Azure Portal but also how you can harden it with JIT and NSG's to enhance your overall VM access security. So join us in this session to learn some best practices, tips and things you should keep in mind when working with this "jump-box-as-a-service".