+++
title = "An evening on Cloud Security!"
date = "2022-11-10T19:00:00+02:00"
tags = ["Security"]
categories = ["Azure", "In-Person"]
banner = "img/events/20221110.jpg"
img = "img/events/20221110.jpg"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
eventbrite = "https://www.eventbrite.com/e/tickets-evening-on-security-dutch-cloud-meetup-430274280957"
+++

This evening, we will be back for another Dutch Cloud MeetUp of this new season! The theme for this evening will be Security. In other words: there will be a ton to learn this evening! And, as this is in person, there will be a welcome with food and drinks, provided by our sponsor SPS.

---

**18:00 - 18:45 :** Dinner + Welcome

**18:45 - 18:50 :** Welcome

**18:50 - 19:35 :** 1st Session - Maarten Goet: 52 mins from initial access to ransomware -- is your defensive team ready?

**19:45 - 20:30 :** 2nd Session - Jan Bakker: Improve your identity security in Azure Active Directory

---

**Maarten Goet**

Maarten is a MVP since '07 and a RD since '15, and a regular speaker at conferences. He loves Azure & security, and is founder of ExpertsLive and the dutch Microsoft Security user group.

**Session: 52 mins from initial access to ransomware -- is your defensive team ready?**

Does your defensive team detect and respond fast enough to contain the adversary before they accomplish their mission? How do you know? Come join 15-year Microsoft MVP & RD Maarten Goet and learn how Microsoft Defender 365 and Microsoft Sentinel can help detect command-and-control platform Cobalt Strike, nasty exploits such as ZeroLogon and much more, in this real-world case where an attacker went from Zero to Domain Admin in just 52 minutes. 

---

**Jan Bakker**

Jan is a Microsoft 365 consultant, with a strong focus on Azure AD, Identity & Access, Security, and Automation.

**Session: Improve your identity security in Azure Active Directory?**

Zero Trust tells us that identity is the new perimeter. While most organizations still struggle to get modern authentication in place for all apps, hackers don't sit back and relax.
In this session, Jan gives 10 (and perhaps more) practical tips on how to improve your identity security in Azure Active Directory. 
We'll take a look at the most common attack path(s) and how to prevent initial access from happening.

---

**Location:**

SPS Holding B.V.

Buitenomweg 17

2811 BM Reeuwijk
