+++
title = "An evening on compliance and security"
date = "2022-03-15T19:00:00+02:00"
tags = ["Compliance", "Azure", "Azure DevOps"]
categories = ["Azure", "DevOps", "In-Person"]
banner = "img/events/20220315.jpeg"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
img = "img/events/20220315.jpeg"
+++

This evening, we will be back for another Dutch Cloud MeetUp of this season!

---

**18:00 - 18:45 :** Dinner + Welcome

**18:45 - 18:50 :** Welcome

**18:50 - 19:35 :** 1st Session - Malin de Silva

**19:45 - 20:30 :** 2nd Session - Jeffrey Opdam


---
**1st Session - Azure Security Benchmark**

Azure Security Benchmark defines areas related to the security of each service based on the leading industry standards: PCI-DSS, CIS, and NIST. With this, you can evaluate your services and find a way to secure infrastructure.

Malin is a Microsoft MVP for Azure and works as a Senior Consultant at Capgemini Netherlands. He has over 10 years of experience and has been part of the cloud journeys of several organizations throughout his career.

---

**2nd session - Onboarding 16.000 users onto Azure DevOps in a highly regulated environment**

ING has rolled out Azure DevOps to 16000 users within a heavy regulated environment. During the presentation, Jeffrey Opdam will explain why ING has fully embraced Continuous Delivery using Azure DevOps. What where the pitfalls and the success stories? What where the choices we made and what was the reasoning behind them? During the interactive session, the audience is taking along the ride ING has made the last couple of years with Continuous Delivery.