+++
title = "BBQ & Cloud Security"
date = "2023-07-04T18:00:00+02:00"
tags = ["Security", "Identity", "Purview", "Data", "Defender for Cloud"]
categories = ["Azure", "In-Person"]
banner = "img/events/20230704.jpg"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
img = "img/events/20230704.jpg"
eventbrite = "https://www.eventbrite.nl/e/tickets-an-evening-on-cloud-security-640460924867"
+++

This evening, we will be back with our last meeting before the Summer break! The theme for this evening will be Cloud Security. And, as this is in person, there will be a welcome with food and drinks, provided by our sponsor 3fifty.

As a special ending for this season 3fifty will organize a BBQ for all people attending the meetup.

---

**18:00 - 18:45 :** Dinner + Welcome

**18:45 - 18:50 :** Welcome speech

**18:50 - 19:35 :** 1st Session - Rhesa Baar (Microsoft): Data Security with Microsoft Purview

**19:45 - 20:30 :** 2nd Session - Pim Jacobs (MVP): Be a shepherd for your data. Protect- and prevent data leaks, it's that simple!

**20:30 - 21:30 :** Networking & Drinks

---

**Rhesa Baar**

My name is Rhesa, a security enthusiast. I work in the security field for 10 years now. I have a technical background. I have worked as a consultant doing technical threat and vulnerability analysis but also as a security architect for several clients.
I really enjoy to work on multidisciplinary challenges where people and technology need to be brought together.

**Session: Data Security with Microsoft Purview**

This talk will showcase how you can utilize the Microsoft Purview portfolio to protect data wherever it resides so that you can protect Intellectual Property as well as Privacy Sensitive data

---

**Pim Jacobs (MVP)**

Pim is an expert in Microsoft (hybrid) Identity & Messaging (Exchange) products and has earned the Microsoft MVP title for Enterprise Mobility & Security. He has done various designs and implementations for customers hosting over 10.000 users with, when necessary, a fully redundant configuration. Next to Identity & Messaging Pim has a lot of experience with the latest Microsoft products such as: Microsoft Endpoint Manager, Office 365 and Windows 10 / 11

Pim is pragmatic in his approach and he listens to the requirements of customers which he translates from a functional to a technical perspective. Pim has good communication skills and able to turn complexity into simplicity. He combines keen technical expertise with a pleasant, open attitude, allowing him to build friendly relationships with colleagues and customers.

**Session: Be a shepherd for your data. Protect- and prevent data leaks, it's that simple!**

In a digitizing society more and more data is becoming available within the Microsoft 365 cloud today. Although we require devices to be compliant to synchronize data, users and guests are still able to download or copy data via the browser to unmanaged devices which is resulting in data leaks. During this session you'll learn how you can successfully prevent these scenarios with the use of Defender for Cloud Apps and make sure your data is protected against 'accidental' data leaks. We will show you how to configure Defender for Cloud Apps, what options are available to you and will 'leak' some live demos. After this session you'll have a clear understanding for which scenarios you're able to use Defender for Cloud Apps and how to configure this in your own environment.

---

**Location:**

3fifty

Het Tasveld 20A

3342GT Hendrik Ido Ambacht
