+++
title = "I find your lack of Azure Governance disturbing!"
date = "2023-03-17T12:00:00+01:00"
tags = ["Governance", "Azure", "Cloud"]
categories = ["Azure", "Online"]
banner = "img/events/20230127.jpg"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
img = "img/events/20230317.jpg"
youtube = "CXktggQzjwo"
+++


The Dutch Cloud Meetup is organizing sessions for Cloud Takeaways. Cloud Takeaways is an event that is organized multiple times a year with great content on the Microsoft Cloud.
Each event will be one session by acknowledged speakers within the Microsoft community. This time we will host an international speaker.

---

**Tiago Costa**

**MVP : Cloud Architect and Advisor | Trainer | International Speaker | Author**

Tiago Costa is a Senior Cloud Architect and Advisor focusing on Microsoft Azure, International Speaker, Trainer and Author. For the past 20 years has been architecting and developing solutions using Microsoft technologies. In the last years Tiago have been helping companies to migrate and build Cloud native workloads in Microsoft Azure. Tiago has been working as at the Senior Architect level, but he always like to do some hands-on tasks on the Azure Administration and Development side of things. You can find him regularly in the classroom or online teaching Microsoft Azure. All this real-world experience allows him to deliver amazing trainings on Microsoft Azure.


Tiago has several Microsoft Certifications and awards:

- Microsoft Azure MVP (2016 – …)
- MCT – Microsoft Certified Trainer (2006 – …)
- MCT Regional Lead (2013 – …)
- Microsoft Certification Council Member (2020 – …)


He loves diving into new technologies and share his experience at conferences and training classes. What excites him about it's work is to help others exploring new frontiers in technology and to become better professionals. He's free time is spent with his family in the surroundings of the sunny Lisbon, Portugal, and building some cool geek projects.

---

**Session: I find your lack of Azure Governance disturbing!**

Organizations are adopting Microsoft Azure at a fast pace. Every day we have more workloads running on Azure. Workloads can be Cloud-native or non-native (lift-and-shift from on-prem). If your organization doesn't operate a robust Governance model, it's easy to create security issues and a lack of compliance.
In this session, we will learn Azure Governance Best practices and how to build a Governance strategy from scratch. We will use services like Management Groups, Azure Policy, Tags, Azure Blueprints, CAF - Cloud Adoption Framework, and Cost Management to build a Governance strategy for your organization.