+++
title = "An evening on Managed Services"
date = "2023-03-28T18:00:00+02:00"
tags = ["IaC", "Azure", "MSP"]
categories = ["Azure", "In-Person"]
banner = "img/events/20230328.jpg"
authors = ["Maik van der Gaag"]
img = "img/events/20230328.jpg"
eventbrite = "https://www.eventbrite.nl/e/tickets-an-evening-on-managed-services-585714757607"
+++

This evening, we will be back with the second Dutch Cloud MeetUp of 2023! The theme for this evening will be Managing services as a Partner.

---

**18:00 - 18:45 :** Dinner + Welcome

**18:45 - 18:50 :** Welcome

**18:50 - 19:35 :** 1st Session - Marijn van Wijngaarden:  Challenges you face as a Managed Service Provider

**19:45 - 20:30 :** 2nd Session - TBD

---

**Marijn van Wijngaarden**

Skilled Ansible developer with experience of creating playbooks and roles within a enterprise (MSP) environment. Experienced Dev- / SysOps Administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry (web-agency’s).Skilled in Ansible, CentOS, Network, and Kubernetes. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Information and Communication Technology (Bedrijfskundige Informatica) from Hogeschool Zeeland.

**Session: Challenges you face as a Managed Service Provider**

As a Managed Service Provider (MSP) you run into all kinds of challenges that are different than those that SaaS companies or ISVs run into. Most of these circle around the observation that an MSP has many different clients that have different levels of expertise, knowledge and levels of legacy technology in their stacks. This leads to technical challenges around the choice of choosing tooling for the automation of the service. Challenges like how do we build a completely head-less solution, that works cross-OS, deal with configuration and credentials, and much more!

In this talk, you will learn which decision points and requirements play a role in tool selection at an MSP, and how we arrived at a particular tool (no, not spoiling that yet). After selecting a tool you off course run into other, more specific challenges to – which we will also discuss as lessons learned.

---

** TBD **

---

**Location:**

Intermax Rotterdam (HQ)

Schouwburgplein 30 – 34, Rotterdam, ZH, 3012 CL
